logs.md, before:

# GSoC 2025 Weekly Logs

- **Community Bonding Period**:
    - 05/08: Discovered that my project got accepted! 😊🎉
    - 05/09: Dealt with all the GSoC-related bureaucratic stuff
    - 05/10: Created [this repo](https://github.com/LorenzoPegorari/GSoC25-report) to share with my mentors what I am working / have worked on
    - 05/11: ~
    - 05/12: Reverted the hacks done to create a personalized title bar and restored the "standard Qt" look (this code was only tested on Ubuntu 24.04.1 LTS and no PR was made)
    - 05/13: Started working on prototyping a basic CLI in order to try to identify possible issues that could arise (so that I can discuss them with the mentors before the Coding Period starts)
    - 05/14: Partecipated in the "Welcome 2025 Contributor talk and Q&A" by the GSoC team
    - 05/15:
    - 05/16:
    - 05/17:
    - 05/18:
    - 05/19 - 05/15:
        - ...
    - 05/26 - 06/01:
        - ...
- **Coding Period (1st half)**:
    - 06/02 - 06/08 (week 1):
        - ...
    - 06/09 - 06/15 (week 2):
        - ...
    - 06/16 - 06/22 (week 3):
        - ...
    - 06/23 - 06/29 (week 4):
        - ...
    - 06/30 - 07/06 (week 5):
        - ...
    - 07/07 - 07/13 (week 6):
        - ...
    - 07/14 - 07/20 (*Midterm evaluation*):
        - ...
- **Coding Period (2nd half)**:
    - 07/14 - 07/20 (week 7):
        - ...
    - 07/21 - 07/27 (week 8):
        - ...
    - 07/28 - 08/03 (week 9):
        - ...
    - 08/04 - 08/10 (week 10):
        - ...
    - 08/11 - 08/17 (week 11):
        - ...
    - 08/18 - 08/24 (week 12):
        - ...
    - 08/25 - 08/31 (*Final evaluation*):
        - ...

Commit message:

Changed from 'Weekly logs' to 'Daily logs'

logs.md, after:

# GSoC 2025 Daily Logs

- **Community Bonding Period**:
    - Thu 05/08: Discovered that my project got accepted! 😊🎉
    - Fri 05/09: Dealt with all the GSoC-related bureaucratic stuff
    - Sat 05/10: Created [this repo](https://github.com/LorenzoPegorari/GSoC25-report) to share with my mentors what I am working / have worked on
    - Mon 05/12: Reverted the hacks done to create a personalized title bar and restored the "standard Qt" look (this code was only tested on Ubuntu 24.04.1 LTS and no PR was made)
    - Tue 05/13: Started working on prototyping a basic CLI in order to try to identify possible issues that could arise (so that I can discuss them with the mentors before the Coding Period starts)
    - Wed 05/14: Participated in the "Welcome 2025 Contributor talk and Q&A" by the GSoC team
    - Fri 05/16: Kept working on the CLI prototype
    - Sat 05/17:
    - Sun 05/18:
    - ...
- **Coding Period (1st half)**:
    - Week 1:
        - ...
    - Week 2:
        - ...
    - Week 3:
        - ...
    - Week 4:
        - ...
    - Week 5:
        - ...
    - Week 6:
        - ...
    - *Midterm evaluation*:
        - ...
- **Coding Period (2nd half)**:
    - Week 7:
        - ...
    - Week 8:
        - ...
    - Week 9:
        - ...
    - Week 10:
        - ...
    - Week 11:
        - ...
    - Week 12:
        - ...
    - *Final evaluation*:
        - ...
